1.Question1
Which of the following is NOT a way to include CSS in an HTML page?

Directly on an HTML tag using the style= attribute

Using the <style> tag inline in the HTML document

Using the <font> tag to enclose other tags       ✓

External Style Sheet

2.Question 2
Which HTML tag does nothing to the text it surrounds and has as its sole purpose to create a "handle" so as to be able to apply CSS to the text.

span       ✓

handle

h1

embed

3.Question 3
Why is there more than one font listed in the following CSS rule?

They are listed in descending preference order if the fonts specified are not present in the browser       ✓

They are the preferred fonts for Windows, Mac, Linux, and "Other" systems

This is a syntax error, square braces [ ] should be used for the CSS rule

This is a syntax error, the rule should start with "font-name"

4.Question 4
Which CSS selector controls how a link (anchor tag) looks while the user mouses over the link (i.e., while hovering)?

a:hover       ✓

hover

:hover

5.Question 5
Which of these CSS rules make text appear in a bold face font?

font-weight: bold       ✓

font-style: bold

font-expand: 10%

strong: yes

font-bold: on

6.Question 6
What CSS selector would style a tag that looks like this:

puppy { ...

puppy !important { ...

_puppy { ...

.puppy { ...       ✓

%puppy { ...

7.Question 7
What CSS rule allows you include a tag in markup but hide it from view in the browser?

font-size: -1px;

right: 0;

visibility: hidden;       ✓

status: off;

display: block;

8.Question 8
Which of the following CSS selectors is between the content area and the border? (CSS box model)

padding       ✓

perimeter

pixels

margin

edge

9.Question 9
What tag is used to import a style sheet into an HTML document?

link       ✓

<link>

<link

10.Question 10
Which of the following statements are true?

A "class" attribute can only be used once in an HTML file

A tag can only have a "class" attribute or an "id" attribute but not both

It is recommended to use an "id" attribute many times in an HTML file

A "class" attribute can be used many times in an HTML file       ✓

An "id" attribute should only be used once in an HTML file       ✓

11.Question 11
For the following HTML, which description of the "style=" attribute is most accurate?

It changes the color of the tab for this page in the browser to be red

It allows the application of the specified CSS rule to the content of the paragraph       ✓

It changes the background color of the paragraph to red

It is an HTML syntax error and will be ignored

It contains JavaScript to be executed when the user's mouse hovers over the paragraph